Change cruncher names (#80)
znicholls/silicone: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#80 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/80>`_) Changed the names of crunchers for brevity. Changed ``lead_gas`` to ``latest_time_ratio`` and gave it documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#80 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/80>`_) Changed the names of crunchers for brevity. Also changed ``lead_gas`` to ``latest_time_ratio`` and added a notebook for this cruncher.
```

Author: Compromise: Changed the names of crunchers for brevity. Also changed ``lead_gas`` to ``latest_time_ratio`` and included it in ratio notebook.

Reviewer: beauty
